Update data-storage-privacy.md (#10157)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/data-storage-privacy.md

### At service onboarding

> Data from Microsoft Defender for Endpoint retained for 180 days, Visible across the portal. However, in the advanced hunting investigation experience it is accessiblt by query for a period of 30 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data from Microsoft Defender for Endpoint is retained for 180 days, visible across the portal. However, in the advanced hunting investigation experience, it is accessible via a query for a period of 30 days. 
```
